docs/index.md, before:

**Welcome to EABIAS (East Asia Bioimage Analysts’ Society)**

---------------------------------
**EABIAS** is an open and inclusive society for anyone interested in bioimage analysis.  

## Objectives:  
- Community Building: Connect scientists, engineers, and developers passionate about bioimage analysis.  
- Knowledge Sharing: Provide access to resources, tutorials, and events to empower the bioimaging community.  
- Tool Development: Promote the creation and enhancement of open-source tools to tackle bioimage analysis challenges.  

We invite individuals and institutions to join us in advancing bioimage analysis.  
Contribute your expertise, learn from others, and become part of a growing community dedicated to innovation and discovery.

Visit our website for more information and updates on upcoming events.  

---------------------------------

## News  
- NIU Open Software Week: Animals in Motion/ BrainGlobe/ Big Imaging Data  
[Registration](https://neuroinformatics.dev/open-software-week/)  

- GloBIAS Free Bioimage Analysis Support Event!  
[GloBIAS Free Help](https://www.globias.org/activities/globias-free-help)

- GloBIAS Bioimage Analysis Conference 2025 in Kobe, opened the registration!  
[Official website](https://www.globias.org/activities/bioimage-analysis-conference-2025-in-kobe)

Commit message:

update for watch party event

docs/index.md, after:

**Welcome to EABIAS (East Asia Bioimage Analysts’ Society)**

---------------------------------
**EABIAS** is an open and inclusive society for anyone interested in bioimage analysis.  

## Objectives:  
- Community Building: Connect scientists, engineers, and developers passionate about bioimage analysis.  
- Knowledge Sharing: Provide access to resources, tutorials, and events to empower the bioimaging community.  
- Tool Development: Promote the creation and enhancement of open-source tools to tackle bioimage analysis challenges.  

We invite individuals and institutions to join us in advancing bioimage analysis.  
Contribute your expertise, learn from others, and become part of a growing community dedicated to innovation and discovery.

Visit our website for more information and updates on upcoming events.  

---------------------------------

## News  
- EABIAS Watch Party & Discussion: Python for Bioimage Analysis  
[Activity link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14mRHf7DGSZsFjaJhhjdbVZDhxe5GPa-8wV1EXQE5PuI/edit?usp=sharing)

- GloBIAS Bioimage Analysis Conference 2025 in Kobe, opened the registration!  
[Official website](https://www.globias.org/activities/bioimage-analysis-conference-2025-in-kobe)  

- NIU Open Software Week: Animals in Motion/ BrainGlobe/ Big Imaging Data  
[Registration](https://neuroinformatics.dev/open-software-week/)  

- GloBIAS Free Bioimage Analysis Support Event!  
[GloBIAS Free Help](https://www.globias.org/activities/globias-free-help)
